WIP: net: replace "ethtool" with a package (#321)
jaypipes/ghw: README.md

## Calling external programs

> By default ghw may call external programs, to learn about hardware capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default ghw may call external programs to learn about hardware capabilities.
```

Reviewer 2: done, thanks

> The general direction is to gather the information using go packages and/or
> system libraries, but ghw still relies on tools especially on less maintained
> platforms or architectures (e.g. Darwin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We gather information using Go packages and system libraries, but in some cases ghw
may call external tools/binaries, particularly on non-Linux platforms.
```

Reviewer 2: done, thanks

Reviewer: @ffromani I don't see you have made the above changes? Did you forget to push a commit?

Reviewer 2: @jaypipes yes sorry, I answer on github when I committed local changes on my tree, didn't push yet. Will do shortly.
